[Documentation:] `azurerm_orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set` - move `computer_name_prefix` field from `Argument Reference` to `linux_configuration` block (#19384)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set.html.markdown

* `capacity_reservation_group_id` - (Optional) Specifies the ID of the Capacity Reservation Group which the Virtual Machine Scale Set should be allocated to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> -> **NOTE:** The `capacity_reservation_group_id` cannot be used with `proximity_placement_group_id`

Reviewer: Rather than adding `the` here, this probably would make more sense as:

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** `capacity_reservation_group_id` cannot be specified with `proximity_placement_group_id`
```
